what's up guys this is a giving review
of s3 mini and today we are going to
look at the grand theft auto why City
game on s3 mini so we have seen that
pixels were pixelated on s3 and let's
see how this game is looking on it three
mini no level notice
[Music]
so I think this game is looking good
honor to me
[Applause]
it isn't some roads and the by City
metropolitan area had been closed
because of a severe weather warning
meteorologists are tracking hurricane
[Music]
this game is looking it's more than one
as three mini I'm a leg issues at all
so I'm looking for some nice right
[Music]
[Applause]
it's nice to see that
if serious fitted on this little scooter
[Applause]
whoa
[Music]
I really love the song
[Applause]
[Music]
I don't want to see this confused person
now I want to drive a car
[Applause]
[Music]
so I have not seen a single lag honestly
mini while playing this game I want it
[Applause]
because these are the giving graphics of
Grand Theft Auto Wash City game on s3
mini everything is looking perfectly
fine don't forget a seven like this
video